com/example/note/translate/api2/Pic.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Pic
com/example/note/translate/api2/Tr.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Tr
com/example/note/translate/api2/Ws.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Ws
com/example/note/translate/api2/Basic_entries.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Basic_entries
com/example/note/translate/api2/Ec.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Ec
com/example/note/translate/api2/Web_trans.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Web_trans
com/example/note/translate/api2/Zh.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Zh
com/example/note/translate/api2/Pic_dict.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Pic_dict
com/example/note/translate/api2/Trs_classify.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Trs_classify
com/example/note/translate/api2/Exam_sents.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Exam_sents
com/example/note/translate/api2/Summarys.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Summarys
com/example/note/translate/api2/Collins.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Collins
com/example/note/translate/api2/Trans.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Trans
com/example/note/translate/api2/Exam.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Exam
com/example/note/translate/api2/Oxford.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Oxford
com/example/note/translate/api2/Phrs.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Phrs
com/example/note/translate/api2/Syno.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Syno
com/example/note/translate/api2/Wf.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Wf
com/example/note/translate/api2/Snippet.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Snippet
com/example/note/translate/api2/Video_sents.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Video_sents
com/example/note/translate/api2/Sc.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Sc
com/example/note/translate/api2/Ee.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Ee
com/example/note/translate/api2/Rel.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Rel
com/example/note/translate/api2/Similar_words.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Similar_words
com/example/note/translate/api2/Senior.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Senior
com/example/note/translate/api2/F.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.F
com/example/note/translate/api2/Individual.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Individual
com/example/note/translate/api2/Rels.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Rels
com/example/note/translate/api2/ExamType.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.ExamType
com/example/note/translate/api2/Simple.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Simple
com/example/note/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.note.BuildConfig
com/example/note/translate/api2/Rel_word.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Rel_word
com/example/note/translate/api2/Sents_data.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Sents_data
com/example/note/translate/api2/Word_videos.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Word_videos
com/example/note/translate/api2/Word.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Word
com/example/note/translate/api2/Video.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Video
com/example/note/translate/api2/Cls.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Cls
com/example/note/translate/api2/Etym.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Etym
com/example/note/translate/api2/Tran_entry.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Tran_entry
com/example/note/translate/api2/Sents.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Sents
com/example/note/translate/api2/OxfordAdvance.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.OxfordAdvance
com/example/note/translate/api2/Blng_sents_part.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Blng_sents_part
com/example/note/translate/api2/Sent.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Sent
com/example/note/translate/api2/Summary.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Summary
com/example/note/translate/api2/Usages.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Usages
com/example/note/translate/api2/PastExamSents.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.PastExamSents
com/example/note/translate/api2/Chars.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Chars
com/example/note/translate/api2/Media_sents_part.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Media_sents_part
com/example/note/translate/api2/Webster.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Webster
com/example/note/translate/api2/Tran.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Tran
com/example/note/translate/api2/Expand_ec.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Expand_ec
com/example/note/translate/api2/Aligned_words.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Aligned_words
com/example/note/translate/api2/Meta.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Meta
com/example/note/translate/api2/Special.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Special
com/example/note/translate/api2/QuestionTypeInfo.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.QuestionTypeInfo
com/example/note/translate/api2/Headword.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Headword
com/example/note/translate/api2/Super_headwords.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Super_headwords
com/example/note/translate/api2/EntriesTwo.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.EntriesTwo
com/example/note/translate/api2/Basic_entry.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Basic_entry
com/example/note/translate/api2/Phrases.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Phrases
com/example/note/translate/api2/Ad.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Ad
com/example/note/translate/api2/Sentence_pair.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Sentence_pair
com/example/note/translate/api2/Wfs.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Wfs
com/example/note/translate/api2/Pos_entry.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Pos_entry
com/example/note/translate/api2/Etyms.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Etyms
com/example/note/translate/api2/Collins_primary.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Collins_primary
com/example/note/translate/api2/Source.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Source
com/example/note/translate/api2/Entries.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Entries
com/example/note/translate/api2/Sense.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Sense
com/example/note/translate/api2/Word_video.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Word_video
com/example/note/translate/api2/Words.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Words
com/example/note/translate/api2/Aligns.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Aligns
com/example/note/translate/api2/Word_info.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Word_info
com/example/note/translate/api2/Forms.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Forms
com/example/note/translate/api2/Phr.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Phr
com/example/note/translate/api2/Content.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Content
com/example/note/translate/api2/Return_phrase.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Return_phrase
com/example/note/translate/api2/Collins_entries.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Collins_entries
com/example/note/translate/api2/Entry.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Entry
com/example/note/translate/api2/L.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.L
com/example/note/translate/api2/I.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.I
com/example/note/translate/api2/Snippets.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Snippets
com/example/note/translate/api2/Sources.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Sources
com/example/note/translate/api2/Gramcat.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Gramcat
com/example/note/translate/api2/YoudaoBean.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.YoudaoBean
com/example/note/translate/api2/ExamInfo.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.ExamInfo
com/example/note/translate/api2/Tc.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Tc
com/example/note/translate/api2/Examples.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Examples
com/example/note/translate/api2/Synos.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Synos
com/example/note/translate/api2/Web_translation.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Web_translation
com/example/note/translate/api2/OxfordAdvanceHtml.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.OxfordAdvanceHtml
com/example/note/translate/api2/Senses.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Senses
com/example/note/translate/api2/Src.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Src
com/example/note/translate/api2/TransList.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.TransList
com/example/note/translate/api2/Auth_sents_part.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Auth_sents_part
com/example/note/translate/api2/Wikipedia_digest.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Wikipedia_digest
com/example/note/translate/api2/Trs.java
 com.example.note.translate.api2.Trs
